c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Ripe.dll.config
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Ripe.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Ripe.pdb
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\obj\Debug\Ripe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\obj\Debug\Ripe.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\obj\Debug\Ripe.pdb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ripe\Ripe\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
